# Amazon.Advertising.SponsoredProducts.Model.SponsoredProductsTargetingExpressionPredicateTypeWithoutOther
The type of targeting expression. You can specify values for the following predicates: | Predicate | Description | | - -- | - -- | | `QUERY_BROAD_REL_MATCHES` | Auto Targeting - cannot be manually created - corresponds to the `Loose match` target type in the UI, this will show your ad to shoppers who use search terms loosely related to your products.| | `QUERY_HIGH_REL_MATCHES` | Auto Targeting - cannot be manually created - corresponds to the `Close match` target type in the UI, this will show your ad to shoppers who use search terms closely related to your products.| | `ASIN_ACCESSORY_RELATED` | Auto Targeting - cannot be manually created - corresponds to the `Complements` target type in the UI, this will show your ad to shoppers who view the detail pages of products that complement your product.| | `ASIN_SUBSTITUTE_RELATED` | Auto Targeting - cannot be manually created - corresponds to the `Substitutes` target type in the UI, this will show your ad to shoppers who use detail pages of products similar to yours.| | `ASIN_CATEGORY_SAME_AS` | Negatively Target the same category as the category expressed. | | `ASIN_BRAND_SAME_AS` | Target the brand that is the same as the brand expressed. | | `ASIN_PRICE_LESS_THAN` | Target a price that is less than the price expressed. | | `ASIN_PRICE_BETWEEN` | Target a price that is between the prices expressed. | | `ASIN_PRICE_GREATER_THAN` | Target a price that is greater than the price expressed. | | `ASIN_REVIEW_RATING_LESS_THAN` | Target a review rating less than the review rating that is expressed. | | `ASIN_REVIEW_RATING_BETWEEN` | Target a review rating that is between the review ratings expressed. | | `ASIN_REVIEW_RATING_GREATER_THAN` | Target a review rating that is greater than the review rating expressed. | | `ASIN_SAME_AS` | Target an ASIN that is the same as the ASIN expressed. | | `ASIN_IS_PRIME_SHIPPING_ELIGIBLE` | Target products that are Prime Shipping Eligible. This refinement can be applied at a category or brand level only. | | `ASIN_AGE_RANGE_SAME_AS` | Target an age range that is in the expressed range. This refinement can be applied for toys and games categories only. | | `ASIN_GENRE_SAME_AS` | Target products related to the expressed genre. This refinement can be applied for Books and eBooks categories only.   | | `ASIN_EXPANDED_FROM` | Target products similar in performance to the ASIN expressed.   | | `OTHER` | Other Type.   |

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

